Devops Test 07-Mar-2023


1. What is Git and why is it used?
Git is open source version control software that is used for continous integration.

2. What benefits come with using GIT?
We develop softwares in a group and changes are made or features are added in day to day basis where there are multiple people work on 1 applications and git helps them to create differnet branches so that everyone has their own version of software. They are easy to merge.

3. What does the command git config do?
git config command is a tool that lets us to get and set configuration variables that controls how git operates.

4. What is a merge conflict?
when git cannot automatically resolve code differences between two commits.

5. What is continuous integration?
It is the process of automatically integrating the code changes from multiple sources/contribution into a single software project
 
6. What does git status command do?
git status command show the state of working directory and the staging area. It will show what files are tracked and not by git.

7. Commands used to commit code to git repo?
git commit -m "commet"

8. How to revert a bad commit which is already pushed?
git revert old commit hash new commit hash

9. What are the features of Jenkins?
below are the features of Jenkins
	easy installation
	easy configuration
	plugins are available easily
	easy distribution
	free and open source
	easy integration

10. Differences between git revert and git reset
git revert will allow us to go to the specic hash that we want to
git reset will undo any local changes done

11. How to install Jenkins?
downlown the .war file from jenkins site then 
run java -jar jenkins.war 
this works in every operating system 

12. What does git pull origin master do?
It pulls the all the files from github repo to the local machine

 
13. Difference between git fetch and git pull.
git fetch downloads all the commits, files, and refs from github/remote repo to the local machine
git pull fetch and also download contents from the remote repo then match them to the local repo

14. How can you start Jenkins manually?
open terminal
then go to the path that has war file
then run java -jar jenkins.war
open browser then got to localhost:8080

15. How do you resolve conflicts in Git?
Best way to resolve the conflits in git is to make necessary changes by editing the file and then git add the file and create a new commit.

16. What are the components that you can integrate Jenkins with?
Jenkins can be integrated with version control software git

17. What do you understand about the Staging area in Git?
staging are in git are the untracked files which have some changes made and then added them to repo before commiting them.

18. Difference between “pull request” and “branch”?
pull request lets other know about the changes you made ro a branc in remote on github.
branches are pointer to a snapshot of your changes in github

19. Is Git and GitHub the same thing?
git is installed and maintained on your local machine
github is git repo hosting services which is in the cloud

20. What are the Parameters in Jenkins?
parameters in jenkins lets us to use git name, credentials, hostnames, and ports.

21. What are the ways by which a build can be scheduled in Jenkins?
build can be triggred by source code commits from github

22. How to configure and use a third-party tool in Jenkins?
have to add plugins to use any third-party tools in jenkins

23. From one server to another, how do you copy or move your Jenkins Jobs?
install correct version of jenkins on new machines
migrate the startup java argument on new machine this should match from old machine
stop the instance on the old machine

24. What are the software prerequisites that must be met before Jenkins is installed?
java is the only software required before installing jenkins

